+++
date = "2017-07-03T09:54:48-05:00"
title = "SGDQ Day 2: Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwiches"
description = "Day 2 of Summer Games Done Quick in Minneapolis"
tags = []
draft = false
scripts = []
css = []
highlight = true
lat = 44.977471
lng = -93.273406
+++

This morning we were planning on waking up at 9:30am, but we were woken up at
8:30 because that's when housekeeping wanted to clean the room. After we became
more awake, Aaron went to a cafe to do work for the day (he's working from home
this week, so he's not going to any speedruns during work hours). Michelle and I
went down to the hotel lobby to ask if SGDQ provided free breakfast. There was
no free breakfast from the hotel, but today the convention organizers got free
donuts for the attendees. We got there right when the donuts arrived, so we got
our pick of them. After finishing our donuts, we went to the speedrunning room
to see the runs of [Crash
Bandicoot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crash_Bandicoot_(video_game)) and
[Spyro: Year of the
Dragon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spyro:_Year_of_the_Dragon).

There weren't any more runs that we wanted to see for a while after this, so
Michelle and I went back up to the room to work on our blogs. We were also
getting hungry for lunch at this point, so after working for a bit we headed
next door to Target to scavenge up some food. We didn't have a fridge,
microwave, or any way to boil water in the room, so our options for food were
quite limited. We ended up getting peanut butter, nutella, bread, bananas, and
apples for sandwiches, since none of those ingredients requires a fridge or
microwave.

After Target, we went back to the room and ate lunch. Aaron came back from
working soon after this, and we went down to see a block of Sonic speedruns that
included [Sonic Generations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonic_Generations)
and [Sonic Colors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonic_Colors). We came back up
to the room to eat a dinner consisting of peanut butter and banana sandwiches.
While we were in the room I managed to beat [Legend of Zelda: Breath of the
Wild](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Legend_of_Zelda:_Breath_of_the_Wild), a
game I had been playing for a while.

After dinner, we went back down to the speedrunning room to see [Mirror's
Edge](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mirror%27s_Edge), [Mirror's Edge
Catalyst](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mirror%27s_Edge_Catalyst), and [Donkey
Kong 64](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donkey_Kong_64). We took a short break
after Donkey Kong to go back to the room. Aaron went to sleep because he needed
to wake up early to do more work, but Michelle and I went back down to the
speedrunning room to see [Jet Set Radio
Future](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jet_Set_Radio_Future). During this run, I
got hungry for pizza, so we decided to order two pizzas to be delivered the next
day so we didn't need to eat peanut butter and banana sandwiches for every meal.
We got bored of the Jet Set radio future run, so after a while we went back to
the room. We weren't quite tired yet, so Michelle showed me an episode of [The
Groove Adventure Rave](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rave_Master), a weird and
hilarious anime. Finally, we went to sleep to get ready for another day of SGDQ.
