+++
scripts = []
css = []
highlight = true
title = "The Return of the Luggage"
description = "We spend a day in Akihabara and get our luggage back from Air Canada"
date = "2017-07-13T23:07:21+09:00"
tags = []
draft = false
lat = 35.691536
lng = 139.781384
+++

We started out the day by grabbing a quick breakfast from 7-Eleven, then we
headed to Akihavara to look at all of the stores and arcades there. We started
out by going to the [Kanda Shrine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanda_Shrine),
which is a shrine that caters to technophiles and geeks. We prayed at the shrine
and got fortunes there. Afterwards, we looked at some of the stores in Akihabara
selling anime merchandise and went to an arcade to play some of the crane games
and [Jubeat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jubeat). We even won a plushie from
one of the crane games!

{{< figure src="/img/miku.jpg"
    caption="We actually won something from a crane game!" >}}

At this point, it was noon, so we went back to the hostel to check if our
luggage had arrived there. Our suitcases were there, so we brought them back up
to our room and unpacked some of our things. After rejoicing about the return of
our suitcases, we went back to Akihabara for lunch, which we got at the [AKB48
Cafe](http://akb48cafeshops.com/akihabara/english). After lunch, we looked at
more stores in Akihabara, including [Don
Quijote](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don_Quijote_(store)), a giant chain
store. Then we want back to an arcade to play more Jubeat and [Dance Dance
Revolution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dance_Dance_Revolution). Finally,
after we got tired of the arcade, we went back to the hostel to do laundry and
sleep.

{{< figure src="/img/return_of_luggage.jpg"
    caption="All of us celebrating the return of our luggage." >}}
